[Voice] Once again a new
light is born.
Sometime long ago...
Or perhaps sometime in the
distant future...
I was in a different world.
That single sensation
is all I remember.
[Girl] A different world?
What kind of a place was it?
Do you remember? Do you think it
was a better place than this?
[Voice] I think so.
Even if the world wasn't empty,
did you still feel lonely
sometimes?
[Voice] Probably.
[Girl] Were you ever as lonely
as you are now?
[Voice] A girl living alone in
a world that has ended...
An empty and still world.
This was place that had
nothing.
It was void of all happiness.
Perhaps that is why
I was born.
Was this your wish?
[Girl] Did you want to be born
into a world like this?
[Tomoya] Lend her your name?
[Youhei] Yeah, all she needs
is numbers, right?
I'm not interested in acting,
but I don't mind if she puts
me down as a member.
I bet Nagisa's gonna be real
grateful I'm helping out.
And one day the gratitude will
turn into love! [laughs]
Hey Nagisa, I've got a big
surprise for ya!
Guess what? Ryou and I have
decided to lend our names
to the Drama Club.
Isn't that great?
To tell you the truth, I'm not
really interested in acting,
but I want to help you guys
get the club approved.
Now the club has four members.
That's enough for the student
council to offically
recognize us.
I don't know guys, don't you
feel kind of guilty
for trying to trick the student
council like this?
Don't be so uptight!
Come on Nagisa, everyone's
trying to help you out.
You're not gonna let all that
go to waste, are you?
[Kyou] Now that we've made up
our mind, let's get this show on
the road!
[Kyou] Forward march!
[Tomoya] Come on, Nagisa,
toughen a little.
[Ryou] I'll do my best.
[Kyou] Hurry up, Tomoya!
[Tomoya] Yes ma'am
[Nagisa] Okay.
Oh I see. So you'd like to start
up the Drama Club again?
Yes, we'd like to take part
in the School Festival.
We have enough members.
Now all we need is an advisor
and the student council will
recognize us as a real club.
We're desperate. Will you please
be our advisor, sir?
Well there's a junior at this
school named Rie Nishina,
that'll you'll need to settle
things with first.
Rie Nishina, huh?
You mean the same Rie Nishina
who lent us the violin?
Oh, Ichinose.
Hello, Nishina. Nice to see you.
I haven't seen you in awhile.
Do you need something?
No, I'm fine actually.
But my friend Nagisa here needs
to talk to you.
Hi, I'm Nagisa Furukawa from
class 3-B.
[Nagisa] Um, but to tell you
the truth, I'm not exactly sure
what's going on either.
Sorry, but if you don't mind,
could I talk to her alone for
a sec?
I mean, I'm sure Nishina
and her friends don't
feel comfortable
with all these seniors barging
in all of a sudden.
[Tomoya] How did it go, Nagisa?
Well you see...
[Harada] What are you going
to do, Rie?
Remember we were the ones who
approached Mr. Koumura first,
so you don't need to back down
if you don't want to.
Yeah but Mr. Koumura was
originally the advisor
to the Drama Club.
Also this is the last chance for
the seniors to form a club
before they graduate.
Yeah but what'll happen
to the Choir Club?!
Don't tell me you're gonna just
give up singing because of
something stupid like this!
[Rie] Of course not, but why
don't we try to come up with
a solution where everyone
can be happy?
Okay?
[Ryou] Choir Club?
Yeah, Nishina and her friends
say they want to form
a Choir Club
and the problem is they've
already asked Mr. Koumura
to be their advisor.
Isn't that kind of weird though?
Is the advisor of the Choir
usually a music teacher?
Well usually but in this case,
I heard that the music teacher
has her hands full with the
brass band.
And unfortunatly Mr. Koumura is
the only teacher on campus
who isn't already an advisor.
What a pain. So what's
the plan now?
Come on, don't tell me you're
gonna give up with out
a fight, Nagisa?
[door opens]
[Misae] Is Sunohara here?
[Tomoya] Actually he hasn't
come back yet.
Well he has a call from his
little sister.
If you're not busy you think you
could talk to her and pass the
message on?
Oh that's right, he does have
a little sister, doesn't he?
Well if she takes after her
brother she's probably like,
"Hi Youhei, it's me!"
Scary huh? Like something
out of a horror flick.
[Misae] Would you mind not
scaring my cat?
[babbling incoherently]
[Mei] Wh..What?!
I guess she speaks human
language after all.
[cat meows]
[Mei] Hello? Was that
you, Youhei?
Yeah that's right, I'm your
brother, Youhei Sunohara,
the biggest stain on your
otherwise picturesque existence.
[Mei] What are you
talking about?
Guess nothing phases her. Huh?
[cat meows]
[Mei] Anyway, I was thinking
about coming to visit you the
day after tomorrow.
[Mei] If that's okay?
[Tomoya] Sorry, Sis.
[Tomoya] But I'm actually
in jail right now.
I messed up and got arrested.
Better luck next time.
[Mei] There you go again, trying
to avoid me. I'm coming
for sure.
[Mei] What do you want
me to bring you?
[Tomoya] A Dogu statue.
[Mei] You really want
something like that?
[Tomoya] Yeah, totally.
[Mei] Well, if you're sure
that's what you want,
then I'll bring you one.
[chuckles] Wait, hold on a
second. This is fun and all
[Tomoya] but you really can't
tell I'm not your-
[Mei] Oh, Mom's calling, so I'd
better go.
[Mei] Remember the day after
tomorrow, okay?
[Mei] See you then!
[Tomoya] Hey! W-Wa...
Wait! Hello?
Oh, heck.
Well, what's done is done.
[cat meows]
[Youhei] Man, I can't believe
you guys had the nerve to go
home without me.
When I came to the school
was empty and all the
lights were off.
I was hungry so I was about to
go home but then I found out
the gate was locked...
Hey, Okazaki, you listening?
[Youhei] Hey Nagisa,
what you reading?
Don't tell me,
it's a love letter?
Let's see...
"Forget the Drama Club and
quit while your ahead before
you get hurt."
They sent you a threat?!
I came back to class after
P.E. and found it stuffed
inside my desk.
But I have no idea who
put it there.
Well it's gotta be the Choir
Club, since they're the ones
you're having the whole
advisor dispute with.
No way! You can't just blame it
on them when you don't even
have any proof!
Nishina wouldn't-  Rie and her
friends wouldn't do something
like that.
They just want to be able
to sing together, that's all!
They're not bad people at all,
I just know it!
I mean, they lent their violin
to Kotomi and everything.
So they can't be bad.
Guess we'll just have
to find out.
You got something in mind?
[Youhei] I have a way of finding
out the truth.
I'll have a report for you
by the end of the day.
So look forward to it, alirght?
H-Hey, hold on a sec!
Don't worry, I won't rough them
up or anything.
I don't make it a habbit
of picking on girls.
It just doesn't seem right.
You don't think Nishina would
do something like that, do you?
[Youhei] Turns out it was
someone from the Choir
Club after all.
A girl named Sugisaka.
Do you have proof that
it was her?
One of her classmates caught
her in the act.
They said they saw her walk
into a senior classroom
and put something inside
one of the desks.
I wouldn't lie about
something like that.
Oh, look here's our
criminal right now.
[Youhei] Guess she's punctual
if nothing else.
So you came alone,
I'm impressed.
[Sugisaka] It was my idea.
I decided to send the letter
on my own.
Nishina didn't have anything
to do with it.
I take full responcibility.
You girls are seriously out of
touch with reality, aren't you?
Do you honestly think we're
gonna but the whole "sefless
sacrifice" routine?
[Tomoya] Sunohara, wait.
[Nagisa] Please let me
handle this!
I met you yesterday in the music
room, with Nishina.
Can we please talk this over?
[Sugisaka] You might not
have heard, but Nishina has been
playing the violin ever since
she was a little girl.
She's done recitales, won
competitions and everything.
Eventually people started
recognize her talent,
and she decided she wanted
to study abroad.
But then something
unthinkable happened...
She had an accident.
After that her grip got weaker,
she tried to play, but she
just couldn't do it the way
she use to.
It was after that when she
came to this school, she
always so sad.
And that'd the reason we
formed a Choir Club becase
we didn't want her to give up!
Maybe she can't play the violin
anymore, but she can still sing.
Nishina's a really great
singer too!
I'm begging you! Please don't
take that away from her!
[Nagisa] I...
[Youhei] Don't listen to that
crap, Nagisa!
People who try to get your
sympathy with sob stories
like that
are nothing but cowards!
You think people should just get
their way because they have
a handicap?
It's not that easy!
[Sugisaka crying]
Sunohara...
Handicap my ass!
[Nagisa] I don't want to hurt
Nishina and her friends.
But you haven't done
anything wrong!
Just forget about what she
said and move on!
[Nagisa] I can't.
Because now I know the truth.
The Choir Club isn't like us,
they're acutally serious
about music and singing.
But the Drama Club is...
[Nagisa] Listen Sugisaka,
I'll give up on the Drama Club.
[Sugisaka] Furukawa I...
So tell Nishina I want her to
make the Choir Club the
best she can.
Sunohara!
[Tomoya] Sunohara
is just like me.
He was recruited by a school
sports team,
but was forced to quit part way
through the season.
He never said anything.
He use to be on the soccer team,
but after he got in a big fight
with one of the upperclassmen
the coach forced him
to quit the team.
Now he's just like me, all he
and I ever do these days is just
sit around and waste time.
I really had no idea...
I know how he feels.
It's hard to just give up on
something you've wanted
for so long.
That's probably why he can't
forgive people who take
advantage something
like a disability.
Nagisa, are you really sure this
is what you want?
[Nagiza] Okazaki...
[Tomoya] What is it?
[Nagisa] Even if this is where
it all ends,
I had so much fun working
together with you.
We may not have been able to
start up the Drama Club like
we wanted.
But along the way I feel like I
found so many things that are
more important than that.
After all, you and I became good
friends because of all this.
And now Kyou, Ryou, Kotomi and
Sunohara are all my friends too.
To tell you the truth, I never
though that someone like me
could come this far in life.
I owe it all to you, Okazaki.
Don't say that.
I haven't done anything.
Now you're just being modest.
No, you've just gotten stronger,
you're not the same girl I met
at the bottom of the hill.
You may be a crybaby and you may
be clumsy but you've still made
it this far.
That's why I think you've
gotten stronger.
[Nagisa] But if you weren't here
with me, I don't think I could
have done anything.
[Nagisa] I'm sorry,
I was trying not to cry.
Nagisa...
[Kyou] HEY, YOU TWO!
Youhei told me what happened!
You got pulled into some stupid
sob story from the Choir Club
and gave up Mr. Koumura
as an advisor!
Why can't you stand up for
yourself for once?!
If you keep giving in to every
little demand like that,
you'll never make your
dreams come true!
[Youhei] This just doesn't seem
right to me.
If Nagisa's too kind hearted,
then I'll just have to take out
the Choir Club with my
own two fists!
You gotta be kidding me.
You really think doing that
would make Nagisa happy?
[frustrated yell]
This sucks! Come on Okazaki,
let's go blow off some steam!
Normaly I'd say yes, but I just
emptied out my savings
trying to fix up Kotomi's yard.
[Yukine] It's good to see
you here again, Okazaki.
Hold on a second.
What's going on here?
Their coffee tastes great,
it's always nice quiet and
everything's free.
Not a bad hang out, huh?
By the way, my name
is Yukine Miyazawa.
I guess you could say I'm
the keeper of the "second
library" here at school.
Isn't that kind of pointless?
[Youhei] I mean, why would you
want to have a library full of
books nobody reads?
Well, just because people don't
read them doesn't mean they're
not interesting.
Take this one for example.
I love reading
people's horoscopes.
Why don't you tell me your
sign, Sunohara?
Let's see what the stars have
in store for you.
If you can use that thing
to tell the future,
why don't you tell me how to get
the advisor from the Choir Club?
It says here that orange
is your lucky color.
Your lucky word for this
month is basketball.
Basketball's lucky, huh?
Sounds like you're reading
Okazaki's fortune instead
of mine.
You are a kind person who
cares for his friends.
Those around you are touched by
the earnestness of your actions.
While you may feel that
your efforts are made in
vain, in actuality,
many people are moved by
your will to challenge
the impossible.
Will to challenge the
impossible, huh?
Lucky word is basketball?
That's it!
Hey, Sunohara.
Later, Okazaki!
That idiot, what's he up to now?
[Tomoya] I don't care how many
times you ask me.
[Judo girl] Please don't
say that.
Come on, Sakagami. You gotta
join the women's Judo Club.
As captain of the men's
Judo Club, I'd like to
second her request.
If you join, then our women's
club will become a national
contender.
I've told you a thousand times,
I'm not interested.
[Tomoya] Hi Tomoyo, looks like
you're popular as ever.
[Tomoyo] Okazaki, help me
out here.
[Judo girl] Just come and watch
us practice, okay?!
[Tomoyo] These guys just won't
leave me alone.
[Judo Boy] Just for today,
that's all I ask!
[Judo Girl] Please,
I'm being you!
I can't! I have things to do!
Hey...
Fuko-chan at your service!
Sakagami, for coming to my
sister's wedding,
I owe you a debt of gratitude.
Now allow to be of service in
your time of need.
I have no choice but to summon
the power of my ultimate
technique
the "starfish heat"!
Prepare yourself!
But wait you two from the Judo
Club also came to my sister's
wedding! That's no good!
Forgive me. In a case like this
I can't take either side.
Still I would like to appear
again some day!
Until then... Thanks a lot.
You mind telling me what
that was about?
Your guess is as good as mine.
[Judo Girl] Anyway, please come
to our practice.
Just give us a chance,
you'll see.
[Tomoya] All right, you
two, that's enough.
[Judo Boy] Who the heck are you?
[Tomoya] Let's go, Tomoyo.
[Tomoyo] Uh, right.
[Tomoyo] I'm impressed. When
push comes to shove, you
don't back down.
You don't have to make such
a big deal out of it.
But this is the Judo Club
we're talking about.
And not just members either,
those two were the team
captains.
You really weren't
scared at all?
I'm used to people hating me.
Don't worry about it.
If you hadn't come, they might
have kept pestering me until
I joined.
The thing is, I don't have any
interest in judo,
and I'm going to be busy with
the student council election
soon anyway.
In that case, I wish you luck
in the election.
If you were president it'd be
a lot easier to reestablish
the Drama Club.
Is something wrong?
Oh, no. I was just thinking that
you're a nice guy, that's all.
Really? So you haven't seen
Sunohara since he ran off
yesterday?
Yeah, he didn't come back to the
dorm till really late at night.
Knowing him, he was probably
up to no good.
About time you showed up.
Challenge the basketball team?
[Tomoya] Hold on a sec!
What made you come up
with a crazy idea like that?
Remember what Yukine
told me yesterday?
Many people are moved by my will
to challenge the impossible,
and that my lucky word this
month is basketball.
In other words! If we play a
game of basketball against the
school team and win,
then I can prove my point
to those crybabies from
the Choir Club.
I want to show them that
handicaps don't matter.
And then, just like the
horoscope said,
they'll be so moved by my
actions, they'll give up
their advisor.
That kind of hare-brained plan
might work in an after school
special or something,
but I doubt anyone would
actually fall for it.
Listen, I know you can't shoot,
but if you're the point guard
you should do fine.
[Youhei] Come on!
[Tomoya] I don't have
time for this.
Let's go, Nagisa.
Hey, Okazaki! Wait!
I feel kind of bad.
Was it okay to leave Sunohara
behind like that?
Don't take it seriously. He's
always freaking out about
stuff like this.
But I feel bad for ignoring him
because he's doing all this
for me.
I guess it's kind of out of
character for him to help
people out.
[Youhei] Okazaki!
Let's play basketball!
Hey, Okazaki!
Ah come on, Okazaki!
Let's play!
Come on, let's play!
You know you want to do it.
Excuse me, sorry to interrupt,
but Sunohara is disrupting
my studies!
[Youhei] Wait up, Okazaki!
Oh hi, Okazaki, let's go
to the club...
[Tomoya] Run away!
[Nagisa] Huh?!
[Tomoya] Good, he won't be able
to find us here.
Who won't be able to find us?
You weren't running away from
Sunohara are you?
It's nothing, forget about it.
But...
[Tomoya] All right, I'll tell
you the truth.
[Nagisa] Uh-huh?
[Tomoya] He's just using this
whole basketball thing
as an excuse to spend
time with me.
[Nagisa] An excuse?
[Tomoya] That's right.
I didn't want to tell you this,
but the truth is he really
likes me.
He's totally in love with me.
[Youhei] Okazaki...
Huh?!
Lately, I've been too wrapped up
in other things to pay much
attention to him.
So he keeps cooking up all these
ridiculous plans to bring us
closer together.
I guess it's kind of pathetic in
a way, if you think about it.
[Nagisa] B-But if he loves you
so much, maybe you should
consider his feelings.
It's not his fault, but
unfortunately, I'm just
not into guys.
And since I can't return his
love, the sooner he gives
up on me,
the less heartbreak he'll
suffer in the end.
Oh I see... that's so nice of
you to consider his feelings
like that.
[Tomoya] I'm glad you
understand.
Ah! There he is!
Finally caught up with you!
Okazaki, why are you running
away like that?
You're so-
Um, I'm sorry but you
shouldn't...
I mean, Okazaki doesn't like
that so you have to
respect that.
What do you mean?
Okazaki and I are good friends.
What's the big deal?
Uh, I know, but even
with friends,
there's a line you can't cross.
So I'm afraid you're just gonna
have to give up.
I can't give up! I need him more
than anything!
If I don't have him then all
of this is pointless!
No, you can't!
You can't, because...
That's right, because Okazaki's
my boyfriend!
[Tomoya] Gah!
[Youhei] AH!
W-What I mean is,
no matter how much
you care for him
I can't let you take Okazaki
from me. So um...
[Tomoya] Is she trying
to protect me?
So that's it. Since when?
[crying] HOW COULD YOU?!
[Youhei sobbing dramaticly]
Hey...
I'm sorry!
I just wanted protect you,
so out of the blue,
I told this rediculous lie.
But I didn't think he would
react like that.
Oh! No, uh...
[Tomoya] Actually, thanks,
that made me happy.
[Nagisa] Huh?
[Mei] Uh, excuse me...
That boy running away, do you
know if that Youhei Sunohara?
And who are you?
My name's Mei Sunohara,
I'm Youhei's little sister.
[Nagisa] Wha?
[Tomoya] Huh?!
[Tomoyo] So does that mean
you're going out with someone
right now or what?
[Tomoya] No way! Why are
you asking me this?
[Kyou] By the way, you said
something interesting back
in the classroom.
[Tomoya] Me? Sunohara and Tomoyo
we're the interesting ones.
[Kyou] I said interesting
not annoying.
Anyway, you said you don't have
a girlfriend, right?
[Tomoya] Come on, Kyou,
what are you getting at here?
[Kyou] Oh nothing. You'll just
have to wait and see.
[Youhei] Nagisa, Okazaki!
What are you doing in my room?!
Ah! No way! You aren't turning
this into your love nest!
[Nagisa] Oh! No!
That's not it at all!